Updates to user research to add additional information (#145)
alphagov/forms: research/2022-08-15_Task_list_and_steps_to_make_form_live.md

> # Task list and steps to make form live

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Usability testing: Task list and steps to make form live
```

> ## 2022-08-15 / Sprint 9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2022-08-15 / Sprint 9
```

## Aims
- Test usability of the task list design for understanding the process to get a form live and navigating through the tasks

> - Test user story: 'I need to set the email address a completed form is sent to'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Test user story: “I need to set the email address a completed form is sent to”
```

> - Test user story: 'I need to add content about what happens next to a confirmation page'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Test user story: “I need to add content about ‘what happens next’ to a confirmation page”
```

> - Test user story:  'I need to add a declaration'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Test user story: “I need to add a declaration”
```
